Over the past few years, I've helped
tons of companies like Eventsair,
Clickhouse, Check Writers, and more
drive millions in revenue through SEO.
And now I'm going to share my exact
strategy. This will be a full free
course on exactly how you can rank
number one for revenue driving keywords,
attract your dream clients, drive
qualified sales pipeline inbound, and
make SEO a top revenue driver for your
B2B or SAS company. So whether you're a
B2B marketer or a founder, this is going
to give you the exact strategy you need
to start ranking number one on Google
and driving quality pipeline and
revenues. Plus, if you stick around to
the end, I'll share a lesserk known
strategy that tons of B2B and SAS
companies are sleeping on. Right, let's
dive in. But before we dive into the
fundamentals and exactly how you can
make SEO a top revenue driver for your
B2B or SAS company, I want to take a
weird approach and talk about when you
should not do SEO. SEO is not a great
fit for every single company. First and
foremost, if you're a new category, a
new sector, or an unusual type of
business in the sense that folks don't
actually know that your offer or your
category exists, i.e. it's a new
offering that folks aren't aware of yet,
and they're not going to be searching on
Google for the solution, the software,
the service, or even the problems you
fix. SEO is not going to be the smartest
bet. Instead, you're probably better off
working out exactly where those dream
clients hang out, the channels they do
spend time on, and educating them,
entertaining them, and making your
position, the problem you solve, top of
mind. Another situation, SEO is not a
great fit, is if you've been recently
funded or you need to get results super
super quick. I'm talking in the next few
days, weeks, or similar. Although with a
solid strategy, we will share you can
drive pipeline and revenue as quick as
90 days that we'll dive into. If you're
under extreme pressure, maybe from VCs,
funding teams, etc., you might be better
off looking at paid media, ads, or
similar. And the last situation where
SEO is not going to be the best fit is
if you lack the resources in house to
make it a success. Maybe you lack
content writers, web developers,
technical folks who have a solid
understanding of B2B and SEO, or you're
lacking the cash to pay an outside team,
a contractor, or an agency to drive the
results that you need. So, when is SEO a
great fit? Well, SEO is a great fit if
you are in a category that is known. So,
there are dream clients actively
searching for your solution, your
service, or your software, or looking
for the problems that you solve with
your offer. You've probably heard of the
955 rule, which means 95% of your dream
clients probably aren't looking for your
solution or evaluating options right
now, but SEO is best placed to go after
that 5% of dream clients that are in
market actively looking for solutions,
comparing options, or ready to have a
sales conversation. That's where SEO
really kicks in. So, you can start
driving that inbound flow of pipeline of
those dream prospects looking for your
offer on Google or comparing their
options. So you can start driving
inbound calls, signups, leads or demos.
And why should you consider SEO for your
B2B or SAS company over other channels?
Well, I often say SEO is a great part to
feed into the B2B marketing system. It's
rare that a channel in general is best
done as a silo on its own, especially if
you're selling a high ticket B2B
service, software, or solution. So a few
advantages SEO can bring to the table is
it builds trust over time. As many folks
know, if they're doing a Google search,
they know what's a sponsored paid
listing and they often place more trust
in the organic results below the
sponsored listings. SEO is going to
reduce your reliance on paid media and
potentially reduce your spend over time.
So if you're investing tons into things
like Google ads or similar, it means
that over time you might be able to own
those organic top spots for those
commercial high sales intent money
keywords and reduce that paid spend over
time. Not just on Google but other
channels to make it a top organic
inbound driver. Plus SEO has the
evergreen organic effect. You've
probably seen as an example on YouTube
when you search for a topic, you've
probably seen videos in the search
results that maybe a few weeks, a few
months or even a few years old. SEO is
exactly the same. You can drive traffic
and qualified leads not just in the
short and medium term, but for years to
come. Each page, each article, each
landing page, each solution page you
build out as an asset to your website,
the foundation of your marketing,
they're all assets that you can own and
that you can control. And over time,
that evergreen effect compounds much
like a moat around a castle. You're
building and building and building upon
your moat as your SEO to drive those
qualified inbound prospects. So you're
putting more and more lines in the water
with each and every page, each and every
asset you build. So you can almost build
a kingdom of pages of content of an SEO
moat around your website and drive
qualified traffic, leads, and revenue
for years to come. So a massive part of
B2B marketing in general is customer
research. And this is a part that so
many B2B and SAS companies completely
sleep on. And in the age of AI where so
much content can be churned out almost
at the click of a button, customer
research is what's going to set you
apart from all the other businesses
competing to win customers on Google and
AI search right now. So why is it going
to help you? Well, it means that you can
start really resonating with those dream
clients. So even if you do rank with a
piece of content, if you don't resonate
with those dream clients, their
expensive problems, their motivators,
their goals, their jobs to be done, the
chances are they'll probably just bounce
off your page within a few seconds. So
customer research is going to be that
secret to make sure your pages really
ring true and really attract, build
trust with, and convert those focused
prospects into inbound leads, calls,
signups, or otherwise. So, what I
recommend is you line up a list of seven
to 10 ideally recent one customers
because they're not going to be biased
towards yourself, your offer or your
solution. Or if not, then you may need
to get some recently churned or recently
lost clients or possibly some longerterm
ones. But ideally, they're recently
converted as they're not going to be
biased in the answers they give. Now,
you want to ask them some questions like
this, which you can tweak and tailor to
your offer as needed. But these are some
that work really good for breaking B2B
clients in general and cover quite a
wide spectrum. So, first and foremost,
what were the exact problems you came to
us to fix? Number two, what job were you
trying to get done? Number three, why
did you choose us over the competitors
that you're evaluating? Number four,
what made you almost not decide to
choose to work with us? Don't be afraid
here. Please don't hold anything back.
Be as transparent and blunt as you can.
Number five, what was the impact of not
fixing the original problem? I'm sure
there was some issues like maybe there
was some churn or maybe there was some
time delays, maybe projects were
overrunning like please go as deep as
you can here. Number six, what was the
tipping point that made you finally
decide to reach out to companies to take
action and start solving this issue?
Number seven, what were your main
outcomes that you hope to see as a
result to working with us or with our
solution? Number eight, what were the
other competitors that you were
reviewing as part of the process? Number
nine, love this one. What do you hate
most about our industry? And number 10,
where do you go to to get trusted
information? So once you've done these
recordings, then you can record them
with a tool like Fathom or Similar and
Zoom. Then you can go through all the
transcripts that get automatically
generated and you want to look for
patterns in all the responses. So in
terms of if you get similar responses
for key questions, you want to make a
note of that and that can really start
guiding you. Later on in this episode,
we're going to talk about how we can
craft different pages like articles,
landing pages, competitor pages, and
more. And we can make sure that those
pages are really going to resonate with
our dream clients by leveraging this
customer research to know exactly what
our dream clients problems, goals, jobs
to be done, motivators are, as well as
their main competitors that they're
evaluating. So, we can weave that into
our content, and we can really outshine
any other competitor on our market and
really ring true and make sure that our
prospects trust us to deliver. So, what
metrics should you be focusing on with
your SEO campaign and program? Well,
first and foremost, you don't want to
get sucked into what I call the traffic
trap. What does that mean? Well, it
means focusing on traffic at all costs.
And that usually means going
afterformationalbased keywords. As an
example, that could be what is a KPI,
what is a CRM, how to build a website.
Really straightforward
informationalbased queries that probably
show up on SEO tools like HFS or Semrush
as having a lot of traffic, but they're
topfunnel and they're most likely folks
that are looking for information on a
subject or maybe even students or
similar looking to get quick responses.
Plus these type of topfunnel
informational educationalbased really
straightforward queries are getting
wiped out quite a lot by AI search for
example AI overviews when you do some
searches on Google there's an instant
response above the fold that gives you
an instant answer to the query along
with some supporting links. So instead
of doing the traditional Google search
where you get the blue links you have to
troll through and click into each page
some terms now they're getting wiped out
with that AI overviews at the top and
then the traditional listings
underneath. And not only that, a dream
client is probably not going to be
searching for a how-to or a simple what
is when they're ready to evaluate
solutions or speak to salespeople. So
instead, you want to do the exact
opposite and focus on money keywords.
What exactly would my dream client
search for on Google when they're ready
to speak to a salesperson around our
offer, which we'll dive into in a sec.
Now, just before I show you that, if at
any stage during this free course you
feel like you'd want more help and you'd
want to drive success from SEO pipeline
and revenue as quick as 90 days, you can
grab a free call over at
breakingb2b.com. We can dive into
exactly where you're at now, where you'd
like to get to, and see if we're a good
fit to start driving pipeline and
revenue for SEO for your B2B business.
Or hit the link in the description
below. Right, back to the video. So,
let's dive into building out your money
keywords. First and foremost, what the
heck is a money keyword? Well, money
keyword is a high sales intent search
that a dream client would do on Google
when they're ready to speak to a
salesperson, grab a demo, grab a sign
up, or book a call with your team around
your offer. They're not at
thatformational based stage. They're not
educating themselves on your topic or
your industry. They have high sales
intent and they're looking to take that
next step. So what I encourage you to
do, one of the most straightforward ways
to build out this process is to fire up
a Google Sheets or an Excel sheet and
first and foremost split it into four
main columns. So I'll give you an
example here. Let's pretend that we are
a software a SAS company selling
proposal software. So we'll do four main
columns. Column one is your offer. How
folks can refer to your solution. All
the different ways they might explain
your solution or all the different ways
they might describe your solution.
Column two is the industries you serve
best. Column three is all the main
competitors that get brought up on sales
conversations. And column four is jobs
to be done of your dream clients. What
are those struggling moments? Maybe what
are those ways that folks get the job
done internally in house before they
reach a tipping point where it becomes
too expensive, too time consuming, maybe
it causes staff churn where they really
realize they need to reach out to
evaluate solutions or services to get
the job done in a better manner. So
let's dive into these in a bit more
depth. Column one, the offer. What are
all the ways that folks can refer to our
service, our software, our solution? So
if we were selling proposal software in
this instance, but yours might be a
service like for example breaking B2B,
we provide B2B SEO. So we might refer to
our offer as B2B SAS SEO, B2B SEO, SAS
SEO, etc. But if we go to the software
space and the proposal software example,
it could be proposal software, proposal
tools, proposal platform, and there's
going to be a bunch of others. So that's
column one. Column two, industries. So
what do I mean by industries? Industries
that have historically bought well from
us, that have the expensive problem we
solve, that are motivated to solve it,
and have cash to easily invest in our
offer. And the best way to get that data
is to look into your CRM and look at
those companies that you've historically
really sold well into that drive good
margins you enjoy working with. And from
doing that customer research, you know
that they're a common industry that you
serve, you enjoy working with. They have
their expensive problem you solve and
they're just genuinely a great customer
you want to go after. So that could be
sales teams, HR, fintech, finance,
sports, whatever industries that you
have sold well into in the past.
Competitors. So if we flip back to our
proposal software example, what are the
main competitors? Well, that could be
Pandanda, Get Accept, Quiller, they're
all quite well-known folks in the in the
proposal space. It could be Proposify as
well as another one. Or maybe we did
calendar scheduling software, maybe that
was our offer. So if we're in the
calendar scheduling world, it might be
Calendarly, Revenue Hero, HubSpot
Meetings, Chili Piper, and all the same.
And then jobs to be done. Again, this is
where your customer research is going to
kick right into play. So, what are
problems that often come up on sales
calls or the ways that folks try to do
something in house before they get too
frustrated and reach out? So, it could
be how to write proposals that convert
or how to write sales proposals in
Google Docs or how to write sales
proposals in Google Sheets or how to
write sales quotes in Google Sheets or
how to close more sales quotes or how to
close more sales proposals. What are
those struggling moments, those pain
points that our product or our service
really solves that folks are likely
searching for that are super crisp and
super specific? Then once you've got
these four main columns built out,
exhaust them. Get with your sales team,
your marketing team, your customer
success team, or if you're the founder
of the company, you probably know all
this intel already along with your
customer research calls. Then make it as
exhaustive as possible cuz the whole
point of this is we want to make
longtail money keywords that our dream
clients are going to be looking for when
they need our offer. So if we flip back
to some examples. So in the proposal
space, in the proposal software space, a
really nice money keyword might be best
proposal software, proposal tools, best
proposal tools, best proposal platform,
best proposal platforms. But the thing
is those are going to be really hard to
rank for, especially if we're a newcomer
as Panda, get accept, quill, proposal,
are all going to be ranking well. So
that might be a money keyword that we
set aside and we slowly work on over
time with content and backlinks. In the
meantime, we might want to go a little
bit more niche. There's riches in the
niches when it comes to B2B and SAS SEO.
So, we'll make the keyword a bit more
longtail. So, we might weave in our
industry terms and then do things like
proposal software for sales teams,
proposal software for HR, proposal
software for fintech and do that with
all the variants like proposal tools for
fintech or best proposal tools for HR,
best proposal tools for sales teams and
so on. You get the idea. We're weaving
in offer plus industry. Then the next
strategy that works super well for
software and SAS specifically is going
after competitor alternatives and
similar. So once we've made a list of
all our main competitors, then we know
in the B2B space, it's rare that folks
go after the first vendor they hear
about. They normally make a short list
of four, five or more vendors, then
discuss it internally, evaluate and
eventually go for one. But folks are
often going to be on the fence and
comparing options together. So they'll
do searches like in the proposal
software space competitor alternative
searches might be panda do alternatives,
get accept alternatives, proposify
alternatives, but they will also search
of things like proposify pricing, get
set pricing, quiller pricing or they
might do one competitor against the
other and that'll be your chance to
introduce yourself as a third solution
like panda dooc versus proposify and all
these kind of searches usually bring up
an article that goes into depth on a
comparison. But if for example on a
versus keyword panda dooc versus
proposify we'd talk about the pros and
cons of each of those two weighed up and
then towards the end we'd introduce our
third option which is our software or
our tool and talk about how we stand out
our differentiators why folks choose us
weaving in social proof and look to
drive inbound leads that way. There's a
lot of gold in those money keywords for
competitor alternatives and similar. And
then if we go more topfunnfunnel a
little bit more informational based the
jobs to be done so how to write sales
proposals in Google docs and similar how
those work is they're usually articles
again and usually we'll go down a
problem agitation solution route so
we'll say are you struggling with this
you're struggling with writing for
example proposals that convert on Google
docs this is one way you can do it and
you can walk through how to build out in
Google Docs or Google Sheets but you'll
probably notice it takes a lot of manual
effort it can take hours to get the
proposal right and so on and so forth
and it might be costing you time
frustrating your sales team and more.
Instead, we've created this software or
this solution that will 10x your product
productivity will reduce x amount of
hours off your workload each and every
week. You can do it in just a few
clicks. Why not grab a free trial or
book a demo? Here's a recent client
testimonial talking about how they move
from manual processes in Google Docs to
using us and now grab your grab your
free demo or free sign up. So, you're
talking about the problem, the impact,
and then introducing your solution. And
there are other ways you can go about
it. So, we've talked about kind of
bottomfunnel money keywords. We talked
about more topfunnel jobs to be done.
Other examples are midfunnel. So going
back to the proposal software space, if
someone's kind of halfway along that
bio's journey, they might look for
assets that they can grab. So it could
be sales proposal checklists, sales
proposal templates, sales proposal
examples, those kind of things where
we'd look to rank an article that talks
about, gives them useful tips, advice,
resources, but also gives them a
downloadable asset. So in that
midfunnel, they can exchange their name
and email, get a really useful
checklist, template or example, and then
we can start nurturing them with either
retargeting ads. We can nurture them
over email, send them more useful stuff,
and eventually they might grab a demo,
book a call or refer someone our way.
For example, with breaking B2B as a
service company approach to a software
company, we might go for B2B SEO
checklists or SAS SEO checklists or SAS
SEO templates, etc. So you get the idea
of how you could flip this to a
service-based industry. And then the
only other thing I'd add is once you've
made all your variants, you've really
exhausted this process, you can then run
those longtail keywords through a tool
like HFS or Semrush to check the monthly
search volume, the monthly search
traffic each one gets. But search
traffic shouldn't be the be all and end
all as what you'll find is a lot of
these high sales intent bottomfunnel
money keywords do have a lot lower
traffic compared to
topfunnelformationalbased keywords. And
that's usually a good thing. It can also
mean that they're less competitive. So
the keyword difficulty could be lower
for some of these, which is great is
often times it means you can rank
faster. They might get lower search
volume, but they're more likely to
result in that inbound call, inbound
demo, trial, or whatever conversion
point we're going after. So I would say
look for longtail keywords that have
good sales intent, that have that
commercial intent. If you can start with
the lower difficulty ones as well, you
can probably rank a little bit faster,
especially if you're a newer website
that lacks that domain reputation or
domain authority and lacks some strong
backlinks. And one thing to bear in
mind, if there is queries, solutions, or
terms that yourself as the founder, your
sales team here come up time and time
again on sales calls. You've built out
your money keyword list, but then you've
checked some of these search terms or
some of these solutions or requests or
in-depth queries that you're getting on
sales calls. you've ran them through an
SEO tool at HFS or similar, but it's not
showing up as any search traffic. The
only thing I'd say is those tools often
work on historical data. So, if it is
something you're hearing demand for on
sales or customer success tools, it
might be worth going for it because
you're hearing it from the market. If
you can build a best-in-class page
that's going to rank, the chances are
the demand is coming. It's out there.
Like I say, those tools often work on
historical data. So, if you can be the
first to start ranking for that, you
could probably capture some of that
demand early and start driving leads
from that page is one thing to consider.
All right. So, once you've built out
your exhaustive list of money keywords,
the next thing you want to do is a
process called assessing the intent and
a bit of a competitor review and
analysis. So, I'm going to share a
couple examples now. One from a B2B SAS
standpoint and then one from a B2B
service company standpoint. So, first
and foremost, I'm doing a search now. If
you're watching for Bisbo alternatives,
so going down the competitor
alternatives route. So, we recently got
our B2B SAS events management platform
client events there organic number one.
We actually got them a featured snippet,
which is nice for this term. So, what
we're doing here is assessing the intent
basically means what type of page does
Google expect to see for this certain
money keyword search. So, in this case,
what we do is we look at Bisbel
alternatives. That's our money bottom of
funnel keyword we want to rank for
that's quite likely to result in
potential leads, demos, sales calls if
we can rank top. So we look at the
organic results. So what we would have
done is we could see that a lot of these
are top 10 alternatives, top 12, top
competitors 2025. So we can see that
majority of the search results in the
organic are what we call product
listicicals, product comparisons. So
basically lists of top 10, top 15 and
similar. So we know that in order to
rank effectively, it makes sense for us
to build an article that follows that
framework as a page. But if I flip that
to a servicebased company, so for
example, if I search B2B SAS SEO agency,
so we recently managed to rank top for
breaking B2B for this term. I can see
that it's actually a mix of intents.
We've got 10 best, we've got landing
pages, we've got reviews. So what you'll
see is it's actually a mix. Sometimes
for certain queries, there's a mix of in
this case product listical like the top
10 examples as well as dedicated landing
pages. So we actually managed to rank
for a landing page. So the whole point
of assessing the intent is to make it
easy for your company to rank
effectively on Google organic search and
understand what type of page Google
favors. Is it a landing page, a how-to
article, a what is article, a product
listical, a product comparison, an
alternative page, a versus article, etc.
So you can build the right page first
and foremost and make it easier for you
to start ranking competitively. But one
quick tip is if you review the search
results for one of your money keywords
and it seems to be a bit of a mixture,
i.e. a little bit like B2B SAS SEO
agency. It's a mix of landing pages and
articles. You might be able to rank for
both. So, we have done this for clients
where we've ranked them organic position
one and organic position two because
Google had a mix on page one of landing
page and articles. We ranked them for a
landing page and an article. So, they
got two bites of the cherry in the
organic search or three bytes if they
were doing paid as well. So once we've
assessed the intent and we know the type
of page that we need to build to rank
effectively for one of our money
keywords, what we'd usually do is look
at the top organic results pages and
look for gaps in their pages that we can
double down on. So in this example, if I
flick to this page maybe by event decks,
let's have a look here. So there's a few
things I'm looking out for straight
away. So there's a great tool called SEO
Pro Extension, which is free, which I
often use to quickly evaluate pages from
a high level. So you can quickly pull
details like the word count of the page.
So this page I'm looking for by event
decks is looks like just under 3.7K
words. Not that word count's the be all
and end all, but you'll probably want to
evaluate if you look at three or four
pages of competitors that are ranking
well that you're trying to rank top for
that money keyword. Get a rough idea of
average word count just so you're not
doing something that's way too short in
terms of content. And you can also look
at things like the structure of their
pages, the H1, and al and a bunch of
other good stuff on the page. So, in
this case, they've got the 10 best
Bisabel alternatives and competitors for
2025. And there's a few things that I'd
recommend straight away. Usually, I go
for a blowout the water strategy. If I'm
looking to completely outrank a page,
that means I don't want to go back to
the drawing board in 3 6 months, I want
to completely blow anything else out the
water. So, if this was a brand new page,
so let's say right now what rank was
ranking well was the five best, I'd
probably just do the 10 or the 15 best
or the 20 best so I don't have to go
back any anytime soon. And when it comes
to this type of page like competitor
alternatives or you might be going for
competitor pricing or trying to rank for
competitor reviews whatever it might be
a lot of companies get these wrong. So
usually for this style article typically
you would give a brief intro in this
case why would you consider your
alternatives and then you jump into the
options out there. So naturally they've
put their their own offer as number one
and then a summary of some underneath.
Now, where companies get these product
listicles, these alternative pages and
similar wrong is that they simply talk
about how great they are and how awesome
they are. When instead you want to
leverage that customer research that we
did right at the start and talk about
what the problems we solve that others
don't. Maybe we've got a competitor
chart that shows us versus the the most
common competitor. We talk about our
differentiation, talk about why
customers choose us opposed to other
options. Maybe we weave in a customer
quote, a customer video testimonial,
maybe even one that moved from that
competitor specifically to us. So really
basically showing skeptical prospects
that land on this page exactly why they
should consider us proof points and kind
of really bringing out those pain points
then specifically how our product solves
them main features that attack those
pain points maybe talk about pricing a
little bit and then make it really easy
for folks to take a next step whether
that's grabbing a demo booking a call or
whatever that next step might be and
then underneath in this case for a
competitor page you do a fair summary we
don't want to get into any legal battles
so let's do a fair summary of the other
competitors that we're going to enlist
underneath in the article And then if I
look at it from a service-based company.
So if I look for a landing page that's
ranking for B2B SAS SEO agency. If we
look at this example by Accelerate. So
we can see that they've kind of started
with a problem statement. Is your agency
failing to produce results? They've got
some testimonials some brands work with.
They're talking a little bit about their
process. They've got some success
stories and then some FAQs. I would
usually look again how can I blow this
is completely different. This is a
landing page appro to an article. How
can I blow this landing page out the
water? few things straight away. I'd
think again how can I leverage my
customer research and insights to really
speak to those top three or four pain
points and then exactly how we solve
them specifically. Also things like are
there more proof points, customer review
videos and more. I love on landing pages
weaving in YouTube videos using a
YouTube video embed that's on that
specific topic seems to give us a bit of
a boost as well in the rankings and also
gives folks more chance to check out our
ecosystem and flick over to our YouTube
channel, consume more of our content and
build more trust. Maybe on this
competitor page, they've just got basic
FAQs. So, I can really double down on
our FAQs, leverage that customer
research I've got and dive into those
pain points, those objections, those
concerns, why they were skeptical about
working with companies like us and
really double down on that in both the
copy and the FAQs. And maybe I dive into
the process in more depth. So,
essentially, anything I feel was light
on content on their side, I'll double
down on it. Any new insights I can take
from my custom research, I double down
on. And in short, I look to make my
landing page the most helpful,
trustworthy, useful, and easy to take
the next step as possible. I'm
leveraging a framework called EAT that
Google rolled out some time ago.
Experience, expertise, authority, trust,
and making sure that our page outshines
that competitors in every way possible.
And as you can see on the breaking B2B
on the B2B SAS SEO agency page, we've
got that YouTube video embed on B2B SAS
SEO masterass at the top. We've got CTA
for book a call and client success
stories under the H1 tag. Got some
brands work with. Then we actually share
our pricing openly. Got some video
reviews, talk about the process, talk
about more detail. Then got some three
or four case study examples. dive more
into the process, talk about our team,
some more customer quotes with with our
head shot and exactly how we help them,
and then some specific FAQs around how
long does it take to see results. Do you
offer custom pricing, the guarantees and
all those kind of head-on objections
that show transparency can also speed up
sales cycles and allow Google to see us
as a useful source as well as the idols
and enable folks to get the information
they need in order to be ready to take a
next step. All right. You might think,
Sam, you're talking a ton about content
and ranking pages, but you haven't
talked at all about technical SEO. So,
let's talk about technical SEO. First
and foremost, I believe a lot of
technical SEO, especially in B2B and
SAS, is BS because so many SAS and B2B
service websites are typically quite
thin on content. And from my experience,
it's not something you need to spend
months and months on technical audits or
investing tons and tons of cash into
until you get to sites with thousands of
pages. That's when it becomes more and
more important. So, some of the main
things you want to think about when it
comes to technical SEO. So, if we go
back to our example for our client
events there where we rank them organic
position one, got the featured snippet
for visible alternatives. What do we
want to think about from a technical SEO
perspective? So, let's nail down some
basics. First and foremost, we want our
website to load quickly, to load fast,
to work smoothly across mobile, tablet,
and PC. The next thing is we want our
money keyword. So, in this case, Bisbo
alternatives within our metadata. It's
within our meta title. This is what
shows up on the search engine results
page. So, in this case, it's we review
10 of the best Bisbo competitors and
alternatives. So, next up, you want that
money keyword within the URL. So, that
might be your
domain.com/money-en keyword. So, in this
case, it would be events.com. They've
done slashblog and then slashmoney
keyword. So yours might be your
domain.com/money-en keyword if you use
that framework with a hyphen to separate
spacing. That's the best bet when it
comes to placing your money keyword
within your URL. Or for breaking B2B, it
was breaking
B2B.com/b2b SEO agency. So that gives
you an example there. Next up, you want
that money keyword within your H1. Only
one H1, only one heading, one tag per
page. And if you want to check if you
use SEO pro extension, you can quickly
see the H1 of yours and competitors
pages. The next thing which is this is
going to be a mix of kind of UX, user
experience, user interface and best
practices for both pages and articles.
What I'd recommend is if you can have
the publish date. If it's an article
page, you want the publish date in the
hero area. Ideally, a nice image or
example or similar. And also the author
of the post if it's an article. As we
scroll down, we want to remember that a
lot of our potential clients that are
going to be landing on this page perhaps
the first time they've ever heard of our
company. We do not want this page to be
a wall of text. We want them to be able
to easily skim the page, whether it's an
article or landing page, quickly get an
idea of the problem they might be
facing, how we're well suited to fix it,
and then we want to make sure it's a
sales page. So, we want to weave in
plenty of examples of our product or our
service or our solution. Plenty of proof
points, customer quotes, video
testimonials, and so on, brands worked
with, and we want to make it clear that
we're the right choice for their pain
point or whatever they're looking at in
terms of the solution, service, or
offering. So, as we scroll down, we want
plenty of examples of the product in
action. We want to make it super easy to
skim on mobile, PC, and similar. So, if
we quickly look at our client check
writers, we're looking at one of their
articles, the top eight payroll reports.
So they're trying to rank for payroll
reports on this one. What we're doing is
usually on these articles in terms of
kind of structure and format the H1 is
top eight payroll reports and examples.
So that again that will be in their
metatitle and payroll reports will be in
the description. We can see in their URL
they've got checkers.com/blog and
then/payroll reports. We now do a quick
summary to give a quick snapshot which
actually helps folks get picked up in
the AI overviews on Google and gives
people a quick insight and also can
sometimes help you get picked up it
seems at least in LLMs and chat GPT and
similar then we'll talk about the
problems they might be facing what they
are and then get straight into the the
summary in this case of the the eight
comparisons we're making featuring check
writers at the top showing their points
of differentation why them and so on.
What we tend to do is structure the
lower titles as you go through the
article as H2. Make sure the article is
really easy to skim. Plenty of white
space. Plenty of visuals, so examples of
the product in action, gifts of that
product aha moment where it clicks into
play and such. And relevant client
social proof examples, video
testimonials, client quotes, and more.
And the other thing that's quite nice is
on the left hand side of articles having
a table of contents so folks can quickly
flick to the part of the article they
want to see. And likewise, a fixed call
to action box underneath that table of
contents. So in this case, want to fix
your payroll issues, schedule a call
with us today, then a CTA to easily
request a meeting. So that works really
well on these kind of bottomfunnel
articles where folks are looking
directly for a solution or comparing
alternatives or similar. If it was more
midfunnel, it might be download this
cheat sheet or grab this template or
asset. If it was kind of even more
topfunnel, it might be check out our
podcast, our YouTube channel, or check
out our newsletter. So a few things to
bear in mind. And the other thing on the
technical side, going back to the
technical is internal links. So having
nailing your page speed, making sure
your website works well on mobile,
tablet, PC, and another thing on
technical side is making sure your money
keywords in your URL, making sure your
money keywords in your metadata, making
sure it's in your heading one H1 tag and
you've only got one H1, making sure the
page is is really solid from a UX and UI
standpoint, making sure it loads nice
and quickly, gives a good experience,
mobile, tablet, or PC. The other thing
is internal links. So making sure that
in articles or landing pages, you've got
maybe four to five internal links to
other relevant pages on your site. So,
if it's an article, it might link out to
a product page or a relevant landing
page. Or like vice versa, you might want
supporting articles or supporting pages
on similar topics to link back to this
new page that you've just published.
Why? Well, it builds up something called
topical authority. So, if you're trying
to rank a specific topic, it can help
give that a bit of a boost. And also, if
it's a brand new page, it can help it
get crawled by Google easier because
you've got other pages on your website
already on a similar topic linking to
this new article, landing page, or
product page as well. So, another thing
to consider when you are building out a
content strategy. And likewise, I'll
give you one more example on the B2B SAS
SEO agency. We've built the landing page
for breaking B2B. You can see B2B SAS
SEO agency to scale qualified leads and
revenue as our heading one H1 tag. We've
got the same in our metadata. We've got
the
domain.com/B2B SAS SEO agency. And then
we've got some internal links as we flow
down to relevant pages. We've got plenty
of social proof, client review videos,
examples, customer quotes. We've got
some case study examples and key results
we got for those folks. We've got clear
call to actions. As you scroll, you can
check out more results or book a call
and more social proof FAQs at the end.
So, the next part of the strategy that's
going to help you see results, see
pipeline, and even revenue from SEO as
quick as 90 days is publishing at scale,
especially if you've got giant
competitors in your industry. What
you'll find is those huge competitors,
the issue with their SEO programs is
they're super slow moving. And that's
where we can double down. Those
competitors, if they're giant, what
probably happens is they build out some
target keywords, some money keywords
they want to rank for. They plan up the
content. Might take them weeks or months
to plan out the content they're going to
write, the pages they're going to build
out. Might take them a few more weeks
for their content team to write them. So
more time to design the pages, a few
more months to eventually publish the
pages. And by the time they've actually
published a couple pages, could have
been 3, four, 5 months or more. And in
the meantime, if you've got to publish
at speed, you could have published 10,
20, 30, 40 pages or more. What I'd say
is go at a speed that's realistic for
your company. If you can ship out two,
three pages a week, do it. If you can do
more, or if you got the cash to employ a
contractor, an agency or team to help
you. Exhaust that bottom of funnel,
exhaust those money keywords, build
those best-in-class pages following the
framework we've just laid out.
understanding the right intent if it's a
article, if it's a landing page or
different. Making sure you analyze the
gaps in the competitive strategy. You
leverage customer insights to really
show you understand the the world of the
prospect, their problem, their pain
points, the impact, how your solution
fixes it. Weaving in product imagery,
following that basic technical SEO
framework, and making a best-in-class
page that blows out the water. Do that
at scale, you can start getting tons of
lines in the water with both Google and
AI search. So, each time dream clients
are searching for exactly what you
offer. They're comparing their options.
If they're searching for problems you
solve, you're going to start organically
ranking top, driving those competitors
out because you've got that speed to
publish at scale and starting seeing
quicker inbounds from your SEO efforts.
So, we've talked about the strategy,
we've talked about content, we've talked
a bit about technical SEO, but now it
comes to back links. So, do you still
need backlinks? Well, in my opinion,
certainly yes. Why do you need a
backlink? Well, they are a trust signal
that gets sent to Google. What is a
backlink? In short, it's a link on
another website that's directing as a do
follow link to your website. Where do
they kick best into play? And what do
they do? Well, they help build up
something called your domain rating or
domain authority. That's tools like HFS
use as a bit of a scoring system to
determine how authorative a website is.
And those kind of tools say it might be
easier for you to rank with certain
pages and certain piece of content. If
you've got a higher domain rating or
domain authority, that's where backlinks
kick into play. Also, if you're trying
to rank super competitive terms. So
earlier we talked about ranking
competitive keywords like if you're in
the proposal software space that might
be best proposal tools or best proposal
software might be super difficult if
you're going against giant competitors
that have really strong domain
authorities. So that's for pages you
might need back links to rank
effectively. So let's share three free
and simple ways you can earn back links
for free and start ranking those really
competitive money pages. All right. So
building back links for free. This is an
awesome strategy at number one, and this
is leaning on execs or your founder or
your CEO, folks from your company that
have done some PR, some press in the
past. All you want to do, find out
whoever's done interviews or been
featured on blogs or articles or similar
in the past. Find out who that is on
your team. Might be one person, might be
several. Grab their LinkedIn profile
URL. So, I'm just grabbing my LinkedIn
profile now for my own. Copy and paste
it into the search tool. In this case,
I'm using HFS. And then go to the side
tab, hit the backlinks tab. This is
where the magic happens. This is where
you can see all the companies that have
referred to your execs, founders, or
even your own LinkedIn profile. You can
filter that by which sites have got the
highest domain rating. And then you can
start reaching out to those prospects
and seeing if they can tweak that link
to your LinkedIn profile to a money
keyword that you want to start boosting
the authority of. Maybe one of the best
use cases here is if you're struggling
to rank a page. Maybe it's lagging on
bottom of page one or page two. So for
example, this is something we did when I
first started breaking B2B. We are
struggling to rank for terms like B2B
SAS SEO agency and B2B SEO agency. We
wanted to rank for some of those as
quick as 90 days. So I basically reached
out to I found all the sites that were
citing me that I'd had interviews with
or had done writeups for in the past.
saw all the ones that had my LinkedIn
profile and asked them to change or
actually keep the LinkedIn profile
they're up to or I was happy for them to
change that link to our focus keywords
like B2B SEO agency or B2B SAS SEO
agency. So I would find out who
published the article, click into first
I'd make sure that the website was
relevant to our niche or industry. Then
I would find out who was the author of
that article or that page. I'd find them
on LinkedIn, drop them a quick note and
say thanks again for having me or thanks
for having my founder or my exec on this
interview or this article or this piece
of PR. Would you be against making a
small tweak to changing this link to
instead for this is our focus keyword?
If that could be a do follow link to
this specific page and most of the folks
will be more than happy to help. You've
already guested on there, you've already
done the interview with them or you've
already done the press with them. If you
can find the right person, LinkedIn's
usually one of the best channels and ask
them for that small tweak. Maybe you
offer them something to in return, but a
lot of them if they're active will be a
would be happy to help. And that's a
really quick win to leverage stuff
that's already on the internet and you
can filter it to the highest domain
rating to start with. Make sure it's
relevant to your niche. you can get a
super quick win for a bunch of quality
do follow back links, especially if your
founder, your exact team have done quite
a lot of press in the past. All right,
strategy two is guest podcasting. One of
my favorites and I love to use a site
called listenotes. It's listennotes.com.
And what you can do here is you can
literally go on to listenotes.com. You
can type in the niche that your idol
client profile is within. So in my case,
I might search for SAS marketing or B2B
marketing or B2B SAS marketing and I can
look at all the shows that are relevant
to that niche. But yours might be
fintech, yours might be accounting,
sports, whatever, whatever topics
relevant that your niche that your dream
clients might be listening or watching.
You can filter those shows by relevance.
You can look at the ones that are the
top 5% shows, top 10%, top 2.5% or
similar. I can see my podcast flagged up
here, Breaking B2B. And then what I do
is I make a short list of these shows.
I'd click into actually hex podcast and
more. So I'd flick onto the show. So, if
I give mine as example, I can see if I
flick on to Breaking B3 podcast, you see
it's a top 2.5% show. It shows me the
host, myself, Sam Dunning. I would want
to check that it's actually a active
show to make sure they publish once a
week or once a month. It's still running
nicely. And then I'd make a short list
of these maybe on a Google sheet or
similar and then start reaching out to
these folks, maybe maybe a couple
outreaches a day. I'd find whoever hosts
the show on LinkedIn. I'm a big fan of
painfully short messages. So, I'd drop
them a a quick note, a quick
personalized request to peique their
curiosity, like, "Hey, Steve," or "Hey,
Janice, had a weird idea for your
podcast. Are you against a
conversation?" Something like that. Once
they accept, I'd go as personalized as
possible. I'd send them a quick recorded
Loom video or Vidyard video and just go
on to their maybe their LinkedIn profile
in the background of the screen or their
podcast in the background of the screen
or their YouTube channel and then just
say, "Look, enjoyed your recent episode
on this topic. I've got two or three
ideas I think could be super useful for
your audience. Here's idea one. Here's
idea two. Here's idea three. Would you
be open to discussing having me on the
show? That'll get a pretty decent
response rate. And then once you get
invited to a bunch of shows, do a great
interview. Make sure it is full of
practical value and helpful. And when
they publish the show, most of these
podcasts will have a dedicated article
page. Ask them for a backlink with a do
follow link to one of your focus money
keywords. And that'll give you a nice
little boost. Not only that, but the
chances are you can get leads from
guesting on these podcasts cuz your
dream clients are listening into it.
Gives you that PR boost, builds your own
audience, can drive inbound leads, plus
gives you that nice juicy back link to
one of your money keywords. And then
free backlink tip number three is
leveraging partners. Again, really low
lift, super beneficial, not just from an
SEO standpoint, but just really good for
business, gaining more leads,
partnership play, and more. So this
partnership play, what you want to do is
make a list of companies that go after
the same ICP, the same ideal client
profile as you, but are not direct
competitors. So in our case, a breaking
B2B as a B2B and SAS SEO agency, that
might be teams like LinkedIn ads
agencies, maybe other types of media
agencies, maybe web design companies or
similar that are serving a very similar
audience but not directly offering our
products or services. So my example, a
friend of mine that was that is a
partner and has now become a friend,
Justin Row, who is the founder of a
company called Impactable, a LinkedIn
ads agency. I reached out to him donkeys
years ago and basically gave a similar
pitch. I said something super short
like, "Hey, Justin, see we're going
after similar kind of B2B company, SAS
companies. Had a bit of a strange idea
to create content together. Would you be
open to a chat?" Something super simple
like that. And then from there, we
started out with doing a guest article
for him. So when I launched
breaking.com, I wanted to ramp up
backlinks as quick as possible. So I did
all these strategies and I offered a
guest article that would be useful for
his audience and in return just wanted a
backlink back to us which he kind of
accepted. I wrote him a nice long form
article for his site, got the back link
back to our page and from there we've
done more partnership plays. We've done
he's guested on our podcast breaking
B2B. We've done LinkedIn lives. He now
sends referrals our way for folks
needing SEO and we we send LinkedIn ads
requests to those guys. So again, this
play goes beyond just SEO and building
links. also builds up some really good
partnership plays for gaining leads,
gaining referrals, gaining business, and
building out that wider B2B marketing
ecosystem. Next, I want to dive into a
really quick win for any B2B or SAS
company that's already got existing
pages on their website, landing pages,
blog articles, and similar. And perhaps
you've got pages that are ranking on the
maybe the bottom of page one or lagging
on page two. Really cool feature you can
use on tools like HFS. Other SEO tools
will have similar most likely. You can
click onto the opportunities tab, click
to lowhanging fruit keywords. From
there, you want to filter it. I'm
looking at our client events.com. I'll
filter this to the intent tab. I'll
click on commercial. So, I can only look
at keywords that have sales intent. So,
likely to result in leads or demos. Show
results. I got it set to position 4 and
15. So, if I look here, I can see we've
got event marketing solutions and event
management solutions. I can see some
competitor keywords like Cvent versus
Eventbrite. And I think nice, I can see
that event marketing solution is
position four. That makes sense to
evaluate that page. Maybe I can look at
that page, make it a bit more detailed,
add another topic, go back to my custom
research, add a few more useful
insights. Uh maybe I can make some more
video, add some more visuals to the page
as this is a a listical top six event
marketing softwares to consider. Maybe I
can add some more options to the list.
Go into more depth on our own section
and leverage those customer insights on
those pain points. We solve the impact
not fixing differentiators, why folks
choose us. Maybe add some more visuals,
bump this up article up from every angle
possible from both an SEO standpoint and
our custom research standpoint. Maybe
earn a couple links through those free
strategies we talked about. And then we
can see results super fast. So for
example, that's what I did recently to
to get B2B SAS SEO agency number one for
breaking B2B. And we did a refresh. In
this case, within 1 to two weeks, we
bumped up from kind of near bottom of
page one, page two to organic position
one. So these quick wins kind of
assessing what pages are lagging on page
one or page two. Looking at those angles
that you can ramp up that page. Again,
this is an article, but it could be that
you've got a landing page. And again,
you might look to add a YouTube video
embed. You might look to add more FAQs.
Go into more depth on your process or
how you solve pain points, earn some
back links using those strategies we've
laid out. And then you could see wins as
quick as weeks. It's a really solid
strategy if you've already got some
commercial kind of money keywords that
are perhaps lagging a bit behind and you
want to refresh those articles and start
driving pipeline through SEO super
quick. So, we've talked a lot about
strategy and execution, but how can we
see if our SEO program is on the right
tracks? What are some of the early
signals and some of the latest signs of
life that we're on the right tracks?
What should we look for as leading early
stage indicators as well as lagging
later stage indicators? and what should
we be reporting to the rest of our team,
our execs or our funding companies or
our VCs to show that we're really on a
solid plan with our SEO and things are
moving well. So, first off, let's start
with leading indicators, and that would
be things like making sure organic
rankings are on the up for our money
keywords that have a high buying intent,
that commercial value behind them. It
would then be looking at things like
click-through rates, making sure they're
getting clicked in the search engine
results pages, and using tools like
Google Search Console to see the clicks
behind that data. We then look at
perhaps things like session times to
make sure folks aren't instantly
bouncing on these pages, but maybe
they're landing on our article that's
ranking or a landing page that's
ranking. They're spending a good amount
of time, not just a few seconds, but
maybe minutes on the website on that
page. Maybe they're flicking through.
We're using tools like Google Analytics
to see if they're flicking then through
to some of our core pages, maybe product
pages, maybe a pricing page, maybe
results pages, and then maybe eventually
to demo page and otherwise. And the good
thing about analyzing that is not only
does it show good signs that the page is
actually working, you might be then able
to retarget those folks either with your
sales team or with outreach tools or
ads. And yeah, really checking that
you're getting ranked well for the
organic money keywords, they're getting
clickthroughs, that folks are spending a
decent amount of time on those pages.
They're then navigating further on the
website. You can so you can see all
those early stages of signs of life. And
then the lagging indicators would be
things like is that traffic actually
resulting in sales pipeline? So at the
top of funnel or midfunnel, it might be
assets getting downloaded or folks
signing up to the newsletter or at the
bottom of funnel it would be booked
calls, booked demos, free signups or
similar. And of course, we want to be
tracking this all in our CRM to make
sure those leads that are coming from
organic search are converting to closed
one sales and revenue. Now, when it
comes to both the leading indicators and
the lagging indicators to show signs of
life, I would report all those wins as
soon as you see them to your leadership
team. Whether that's pulling screenshots
and chucking them in a Google Drive or
chucking screen grabs into Slack. I.e.
look, we just hit organic position one
or we just got an AI overview or we just
got a featured snippet. Chucking that
into your Slack group or via email.
Maybe once you start getting some good
session times on those organic high
sales intent pages. Again, you start
sharing those analytics screenshots or
those click-through rates from Search
Console leadership. And then once the
pipeline, once the leads start coming in
and you've got that data that that came
from organic search or organic search
SEO was part of that buyer journey,
again, grab a screenshot of the booked
call or the demo or the sign up and and
chuck that into a Slack with the rest of
your team or leadership team. And when
you're pulling in this data, make sure
you use a mix of sources. So add a how
did you hear about us field on your
inquiry forms or your call booking, but
then get your sales team to ask the same
again. So when they do join the call,
say, look, what was your full route to
finding us today? because they might say
something completely different to what
they put on the form. For example, in
the past, I've had folks put, "How did
you hear about us as the podcast
breaking B2B?" But then when I spoke to
them, it might be, "Oh yeah, we searched
for B2B SAS SEO agencies or B2B SEO
agencies on Google, read through the
article, talked about internally on
Slack, then listened to your podcast,
Breaking B2B, for a few months, followed
you on LinkedIn, then searched for it
again, and eventually booked a call."
It's always useful to get that data by
actually asking on sales calls and
recording those calls. You can even dive
a level deeper and say, "What made you
take the time to book a call with us or
fill out a form today?" Because I know I
don't necessarily do that on every
single vendor I evaluate. And these
insights are useful beyond SEO for your
own content, marketing, messaging, ads,
and more. And of course, check analytics
tools like Google Analytics where you
can see if folks are coming through,
organic search, and the other channels
they might be finding you. And put all
those pieces together. So using our
tics, using the how did you hear about
us, asking again on sales calls, putting
all that data together in your CRM, and
then making educated decisions on how
SEO is driving pipeline. And I couldn't
do an in-depth B2B and SAS SEO video
without going into ranking on AI
searches both on Google AI overviews as
well as chat GBT and LLM. So I'll share
a few quick things that have been
working for us and clients and what I've
heard from the industry as well. So one
of the big things right now seems to be
brand mentions on relevant niche
relevant external sites seems to be
quite solid in showing up on the LLMs
like chat GBT and otherwise and this is
really a lot of this is just standard
good SEO practice because brand mentions
can come from building backlinks. So
doing those strategies we talked about
leveraging your founder or your exec
teams to piggy back on past press
guesting on niche relevant podcasts very
similar partnership plays again going
after niche relevant partners that serve
the same ICP but aren't direct
competitors all of that works plus
there's other other strategies you can
do to leverage this kind of PR niche
relevant backlink building play. Another
is having clear and well ststructured
pages. So clear H1 H2s heading two tags
to to break up text making sure articles
or landing pages are really visual and
easy to read. And also we've we've
started introducing for some of our
article pages like I'm looking at
checkwriters.com their payroll reports
the list of the top eight payroll
reports providers page we've got a quick
summaries and also why listen to us and
we find that has helped actually get
picked up by AI overviews for our
clients with the articles we craft and
can also help with things like featured
snippets on Google too and getting
picked up in the LLMs for AI search. Few
other points engaging content and
leveraging rich media. So that could be
video embeds or similar making sure you
follow EAT. So, making sure whoever's
building out the content has that
hands-on experience and expertise, using
trust signals. So, having an author,
publish date when you're writing
articles, weaving in social proof,
client quotes, customer testimonials,
client review videos, and such. Making
sure content is actually well
researched. It's not just AI slop that's
instantly generated on an AI tool. It's
actually well thought out. And if you're
going to use an AI tool, maybe use that
to help you craft the outline of the
landing page or article. and then get
that hands-on expertise from your sales
team, from customer research, from
customer calls, your customer success
team, and more to make sure your your
article really resonates. Super
important in SEO in general, especially
if you're high ticket B2B offer. Folks
aren't going to land on your page, and
if it has a load of jargon and stuff
that's just doesn't make much sense,
even if it ranks well, it's going to
cause folks to bounce off and go to a
competitor that gives them a better
experience. Aside from that, make sure
the content that you put together is in
a nice, well-written, conversational
format. going after longtail keywords,
which we talked about in our money
keyword matrix earlier. Addressing
common queries, objections, and such,
which we talked about, you can do in the
copy itself, or if you've got a landing
page and an FAQ section that addresses
those real queries from customer
research, sales calls, customer success
calls, and more. And then basic
technical SEO, which we talked about
earlier, not worrying too much about
doing monthto-month monthlong technical
audience, but get nailing the basics and
making sure you give folks an enjoyable
experience on your website. And last
off, I've got my weird unusual tip as
promised, and that is really doubling
down on YouTube. So, if you're watching,
you'll see right now I've searched B2B
SAS SEO. And if we look at the video
section, we can see three videos. First
one's my ultimate SAS SEO strategy for
2025. Second is my B2B SAS SEO, five
easy ways to rank number one. And the
third is me being interviewed on
different podcasts on YouTube. So you
get three pieces of real estate in the
organic search results that show up
right near in this case they show up
right at the top of the organic search
which is awesome. So you can get folks
into ecosystem building that trust by
them checking you out on YouTube and
consuming your videos. Plus if you rank
top of organic search there's a chance
you could get three listings with the
video and you could actually depending
on the intent of the page you might be
able to get two organic listings like we
talked about earlier. You might be able
to rank for a landing page and maybe an
article. So you get potentially five
organic chances, five organic bites of
the cherry and maybe six if you include
a paid sponsored listing as well. So
real superpower. Not only that, YouTube
of course run by Google. It's its own
search engine within itself. So it's a a
really good way to build trust outside
of SEO. Build up more trust with
prospects that are consuming your video
content, checking out your website and
more. And the other awesome thing in
video is embedding YouTube videos on
relevant pages, whether that's articles
like we've done on B2B SAS SEO agency.
you've embedded a B2B SAS SEO video. If
you weave in a relevant video on the
topic, from what we've seen, it gives a
bit of a boost in the organic results.
Plus, for some of those listings itself
on Google's organic listings, you can
actually get a little image of the video
if you embed it on the page. So, it even
improves your click-through rates.
Instead of just having the metatitle
description as plain text, you can get a
little thumbnail snippet next to your
listing. So, it gives you a bit of a
click-through increase. So super super
neglected especially in the B2B space.
Still tons of B2B companies and SAS
companies that are sleeping on YouTube.
So really recommend doubling down. Been
super good for breaking B2B. And there
you have it. That's the exact system
that we've used to help B2B service and
B2B SAS companies rank organic number
one on Google and AI searches driving
millions in pipeline and revenue for
their businesses. But if you lack the
resource, knowledge or systems
internally, it could take months or
years of trial and error to make it a
success for your company. Or you could
work with a team like Breaking B2B to
run the full strategy and execution for
you. This is exactly how we've helped
companies like Eventsair,
Parriters, and dozens more rank organic
position one on Google and AI searches,
driving qualified leads, demos, sales
calls on autopilot through inbound
organic searches. So, if you're ready to
make that happen for your B2B company,
head over to breakingb2b.com to grab a
call. We can analyze exactly where
you're at now and where you'd like to
get to to see if we're a good fit to
make SEO a top pipeline and revenue
driver for your business. Or hit the
link in the description below. Or if
you're not ready, why not grab my free
90 days to revenue B2B SEO guide. Head
over to breakingb2b.com and hit the
newsletter tab to unlock it instantly or
check out the weekly breaking B2B
podcast. Thanks for watching and we'll
catch you on the next one. Cheers.